[Music]
very good what's up my kids how are you
salsa lovers attention because it's
coming I don't know if tomorrow or when it's going to
upload it's all but this is going to be
powerful I had a chat between
quotes with energy it has left me with a
pretty bad taste in my mouth and I think it
should receive professional attention I
think we can all agree on this
I didn't know because I didn't
know him but if you see the excerpt that we
uploaded yesterday analyzing the debate he
had with the other guy and where we
discovered more click is that I
completely ignored this kid until it
went viral because of this that
happened but very very murky very murky
especially this click from the live
where they ask him
if he liked the 1000 or lasting more and he
says last in and they also emphasize
yes that they are 18 but that they
pretend he says almost stranded he bites his
lip and says that it seems 1818 you weren't
going to say that it seems less
clearly you were going to say that they are 18
so that it is legal but that they pretend
less no and also he is asked  you see that he is not the
smartest in town then dallas loa I do
n't know if interviewed debated with him the
typical thing that he does no and I
think that a worse show is coming
worse show than the one on nine on red
yes I mean this is going to be incredible because you can
see that they are missing a potato sea kilo I
'm doing now it's real it's not a
video it's not a reaction it's a
totally real talk that I just had clear
that the face we lies and a little
murky you will have it soon on the channel and I
hope that you see it soon in
reality
I don't know if it's a good idea that dallas has
invited this character to a
talk because I already know I did the
things that the good ones to me the insults that will be
to dallas for having brought
this guy no but the truth is that we are going
to enjoy it we are going to enjoy it
in the sense that let's see how it was
explained in the sense that we are
happy about the things to do of you or
not in the sense of the stupid things that he is going to
say
with traditions caught knowing it's like
yesterday with debating with the other
kid the things that  justified a
very strange people very strange some
very strange people not a person who
has said that he has suffered a lot of bullying
that he has suffered constant bullying
until he started drinking
energy drinks and also that he does
interviews saying that
energy drinks are healthy be very careful be
careful dallas just posted this
tweet right now okay so the news
just came out we will be pending here
put it soon in dallas review I
imagine that tomorrow it will be there if not tomorrow I will
surely have passed I hope they ask me
directly because I really want to
see them families what do you think
will come out here I will be reading the
comments box don't forget to
subscribe and see you in the next
video a hug
[Music]